README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img height="80" src="webview/assets/logo/opennotes.svg">
</p>

# 2019 Intern Team 1
OpenNotes is a notetaking platform built on top of existing OpenStax services. OpenNotes allows students to take notes on top of templates that help retention and offers integration with REX and Tutor. This repository hosts source files of OpenStax Notes by 2019 Intern Team 1. Please see [work management & contribution guidelines](https://github.com/openstax/2019-interns-team1/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) before contributing to this project.

| Name | Role | Email | Slack | GitHub | 
| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Ashley D'Souza | Back End Development | akd6@rice.edu | @Ashley D'Souza | @ashdza
| Moses Glickman | Business Operations | | @Moses |
| Sean Zhang     | Project Management | shz1@rice.edu | @seanz | @shz12
| Miao Zhang     | Marketing and Communications | | @Miao Zhang
| Yidi Wang      | Content Development | yw73@rice.edu| @Yidi Wang| @Yidi0213
| Alp Yakici     | Back End Development | bay@rice.edu | @Alp Yakici | @berkalpyakici | |
| Esther Plants  | QA/Software Testing | ejp3@rice.edu | @Esther Plants | @ejp3
| Andy Cheng     | User Experience | amc34@rice.edu | @Andy Cheng | @andy-m-cheng

## Team Ceremonies
- **Every Monday, 11am-12pm at Riggs**
- **Every Wednesday, 1pm-2pm at Damphousse**
- **Remotes:** Join the call in the #team-1 slack channel

## About
CMS is built with [Django Framework](https://www.djangoproject.com). All installation instructions assume you already have [Homebrew](http://brew.sh) installed. If you are not running on MacOS or a Linux distribution, see the hyperlinks for dependencies.

## Dependencies
* [Python](https://www.python.org/) (≥ 3.7)
* [PIP](https://github.com/pypa/pip) (≥ 19.0.0)
```bash
brew install python3
```

## Installation
Verify you have Python ≥ 3.7 installed:  
```bash
python --version
python3 --version
```

Now we can install the repository. Run the following commands line by line:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/openstax/2019-interns-team1
cd 2019-interns-team1/cms/
pip3 install -r requirements/dev.txt
```

After all the modules in requirements are installed, run the migration script:

```bash
python3 manage.py migrate
```
Now, create a super user. Run the following command and then proceed with the instructions:

```bash
python3 manage.py createsuperuser
```

Head to [Google Doc API page](https://developers.google.com/docs/api/quickstart/python) and then click `ENABLE THE GOOGLE DOCS API` button and download the `credentials.json` file and move it to `cms/` directory where `manage.py` is located in.


Finally, start the server:

```bash
python3 manage.py runserver
```

## Admin Panel
After the server is initialized using the commands above, head to `http://localhost:8000` to login to admin panel. Authenticate using the credentials generated using `createsuperuser` command.

## Dashboard
CROS needs to be disabled to use the dashboard as we do API requests to a 'foreign host'. To load the dashboard, just drag and drop `webview/dashboard.html` to the web browser that has CROS disabled. Also make sure credentials hardcoded to `webview/app/config.js` matches with the credentials created using `createsuperuser` command previously. Please see [this](#post-apinotes) section for further information. The default username and password combination is `admin` for both username and password.

## API Endpoints
OpenStax Notes CMS provides a number of API endpoints that allow clients to add/alter/remove data to/from the database.

---

### `GET /api/notes/<id>`
Lists all the notes, ordering by the id DESC. If `<id>` is provided, then shows a single entry of the given id.

### `GET /api/notes/?account=<id>`
Lists all notes created by the specific account.

### `GET /api/notes/?title=<note_title>`
Lists all notes that include `note_title` in their titles.

### `GET /api/notes/?tags=<tag,tag2,tag3>`
Lists all notes that are tagged with either one of `tag`, `tag2`, or `tag3`.

### All these GET parameters can be used together.

---

### `POST /api/notes/`
Creates a new note. The request should include a header titled  `Authorization`, which takes the value `Basic <auth>`, where `<auth>` is basic authentication (such as an encoded form of `username:password` that matches with any account created on admin panel).

```bash
{
    "title": "",
    "author_account_id": null,
    "template": 'default/cornell/matrix',
    "content": null,
    "tags": null
}
```

---

### `PUT /api/notes/<id>/`
Updates fields of the individual note `<id>`. Mainly used to star/unstar a document and change when the document was last opened.

```bash
{
    # If true, sets the document as starred; if false, unstars the document:
    "star": true/false,

    # If true, sets the time of last open to current time; does nothing if set to false:
    "do_update_lastopen": true/false
}
```

Commit message:

Add starred endpoint for GET

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img height="80" src="webview/assets/logo/opennotes.svg">
</p>

# 2019 Intern Team 1
OpenNotes is a notetaking platform built on top of existing OpenStax services. OpenNotes allows students to take notes on top of templates that help retention and offers integration with REX and Tutor. This repository hosts source files of OpenStax Notes by 2019 Intern Team 1. Please see [work management & contribution guidelines](https://github.com/openstax/2019-interns-team1/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) before contributing to this project.

| Name | Role | Email | Slack | GitHub | 
| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Ashley D'Souza | Back End Development | akd6@rice.edu | @Ashley D'Souza | @ashdza
| Moses Glickman | Business Operations | | @Moses |
| Sean Zhang     | Project Management | shz1@rice.edu | @seanz | @shz12
| Miao Zhang     | Marketing and Communications | | @Miao Zhang
| Yidi Wang      | Content Development | yw73@rice.edu| @Yidi Wang| @Yidi0213
| Alp Yakici     | Back End Development | bay@rice.edu | @Alp Yakici | @berkalpyakici | |
| Esther Plants  | QA/Software Testing | ejp3@rice.edu | @Esther Plants | @ejp3
| Andy Cheng     | User Experience | amc34@rice.edu | @Andy Cheng | @andy-m-cheng

## Team Ceremonies
- **Every Monday, 11am-12pm at Riggs**
- **Every Wednesday, 1pm-2pm at Damphousse**
- **Remotes:** Join the call in the #team-1 slack channel

## About
CMS is built with [Django Framework](https://www.djangoproject.com). All installation instructions assume you already have [Homebrew](http://brew.sh) installed. If you are not running on MacOS or a Linux distribution, see the hyperlinks for dependencies.

## Dependencies
* [Python](https://www.python.org/) (≥ 3.7)
* [PIP](https://github.com/pypa/pip) (≥ 19.0.0)
```bash
brew install python3
```

## Installation
Verify you have Python ≥ 3.7 installed:  
```bash
python --version
python3 --version
```

Now we can install the repository. Run the following commands line by line:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/openstax/2019-interns-team1
cd 2019-interns-team1/cms/
pip3 install -r requirements/dev.txt
```

After all the modules in requirements are installed, run the migration script:

```bash
python3 manage.py migrate
```
Now, create a super user. Run the following command and then proceed with the instructions:

```bash
python3 manage.py createsuperuser
```

Head to [Google Doc API page](https://developers.google.com/docs/api/quickstart/python) and then click `ENABLE THE GOOGLE DOCS API` button and download the `credentials.json` file and move it to `cms/` directory where `manage.py` is located in.


Finally, start the server:

```bash
python3 manage.py runserver
```

## Admin Panel
After the server is initialized using the commands above, head to `http://localhost:8000` to login to admin panel. Authenticate using the credentials generated using `createsuperuser` command.

## Dashboard
CROS needs to be disabled to use the dashboard as we do API requests to a 'foreign host'. To load the dashboard, just drag and drop `webview/dashboard.html` to the web browser that has CROS disabled. Also make sure credentials hardcoded to `webview/app/config.js` matches with the credentials created using `createsuperuser` command previously. Please see [this](#post-apinotes) section for further information. The default username and password combination is `admin` for both username and password.

## API Endpoints
OpenStax Notes CMS provides a number of API endpoints that allow clients to add/alter/remove data to/from the database.

---

### `GET /api/notes/<id>`
Lists all the notes, ordering by the id DESC. If `<id>` is provided, then shows a single entry of the given id.

### `GET /api/notes/?account=<id>`
Lists all notes created by the specific account.

### `GET /api/notes/?title=<note_title>`
Lists all notes that include `note_title` in their titles.

### `GET /api/notes/?star=<True/False>`
Lists all notes that are either starred (if `True`) or not starred (if `False`).

### `GET /api/notes/?tags=<tag,tag2,tag3>`
Lists all notes that are tagged with either one of `tag`, `tag2`, or `tag3`.

### All these GET parameters can be used together.

---

### `POST /api/notes/`
Creates a new note. The request should include a header titled  `Authorization`, which takes the value `Basic <auth>`, where `<auth>` is basic authentication (such as an encoded form of `username:password` that matches with any account created on admin panel).

```bash
{
    "title": "",
    "author_account_id": null,
    "template": 'default/cornell/matrix',
    "content": null,
    "tags": null
}
```

---

### `PUT /api/notes/<id>/`
Updates fields of the individual note `<id>`. Mainly used to star/unstar a document and change when the document was last opened.

```bash
{
    # If true, sets the document as starred; if false, unstars the document:
    "star": true/false,

    # If true, sets the time of last open to current time; does nothing if set to false:
    "do_update_lastopen": true/false
}
```
